Docs - Add info about how to disable timeouts when debugging (#994)
spatialos/UnrealGDK: SpatialGDK/Documentation/content/troubleshooting.md

1. It's easy to forget to generate the schema for your replicated Actor. Make sure you run the Schema Generator before launching your project.

2. As per Unreal Engine’s [replication documentation](https://docs.unrealengine.com/en-us/Gameplay/Networking/Actors), your Actor needs to be created on the server-worker instance before it can replicate to the client-worker instances.

3. Ensure that your call to `SpawnActor` is happening on your server-worker instance.<br/>
Validate that the SpatialOS entity that represents your Actor appears in the Inspector. If it doesn't, then it's likely that it's not marked up for replication correctly.

> 1. Mark your Actor for replication as described in [Unreal's Actor replication documentation](https://docs.unrealengine.com/en-us/Gameplay/Networking/Actors). You can validate that your Actor is replicated in `USpatialNetDriver::ServerReplicateActors`.

Reviewer: Sorry - had to get rid of "per"

> 1. It's easy to forget to generate the schema for your replicated Actor. Make sure you run the Schema Generator before launching your project.

Reviewer: Link to generate schema docs.

> 2. As per Unreal Engine’s [replication documentation](https://docs.unrealengine.com/en-us/Gameplay/Networking/Actors), your Actor needs to be created on the server-worker instance before it can replicate to the client-worker instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. As described in Unreal's [replication documentation](https://docs.unrealengine.com/en-us/Gameplay/Networking/Actors), your game needs to create an Actor on server-worker instances before it can replicate to client-worker instances.
```
Had to get rif of "per".

### Q: My game uses reliable multicast RPCs - why does the SpatialOS GDK for Unreal not support these?

> The underlying implementation of multicast RPCs uses SpatialOS [events](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/latest/shared/glossary#event). SpatialOS events can only be sent unreliably. Additionally, the cost of a multicast RPC scales with the number of client-worker instances present in a deployment, which means they can get very expensive. A better approach would be to send RPCs to only the worker instances that are close to the broadcasting worker instance.

Reviewer: What is the "broadcasting worker instance" and what does "close" mean here?
Shall we make a ticket to go through this 1.1+?

Author: Hmm, yeah maybe. I thought the troubleshooting guide was on our 1.0 radar at one point, but could be wrong. Not sure how important it is for 1.1.

For this PR, I only reviewed the new stuff, as the existing stuff looked a bit can-of-worms-y...

When you install Visual Studio as part of the [GDK dependencies]({{urlRoot}}/content/get-started/dependencies) set up step, ensure you have selected the **Universal Windows Platform development** workload. This workload includes .NET Framework 4.5. If you have already installed Visual Studio, you can add the missing workload by running the Visual Studio installer and clicking **Modify** on your existing Visual Studio Installation.

------

### Q: My worker instances are being disconnected from the SpatialOS Runtime unexpectedly while debugging locally.

> (You’ll see log messages similar to these while debugging your game: `LogNet: UNetConnection::Cleanup: Closing open connection. [UNetConnection] RemoteAddr: , Name: SpatialNetConnection_14, Driver: GameNetDriver SpatialNetDriver_17, IsServer: YES, PC: BP_PlayerController_C_0, Owner: BP_PlayerController_C_0, UniqueId: …`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(You see log messages similar to these while debugging your game: `LogNet: UNetConnection::Cleanup: Closing open connection. [UNetConnection] RemoteAddr: , Name: SpatialNetConnection_14, Driver: GameNetDriver SpatialNetDriver_17, IsServer: YES, PC: BP_PlayerController_C_0, Owner: BP_PlayerController_C_0, UniqueId: …)`.
```
Doesn't need to be a prediction, it's happening.

> This is caused by a [known issue](https://github.com/spatialos/UnrealGDK/issues/940) in the GDK for Unreal’s connection “heartbeating” logic that is used to disconnect worker instances that have stopped responding. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is caused by a [known issue](https://github.com/spatialos/UnrealGDK/issues/940) in the GDK's connection “heartbeating” logic that disconnects worker instances that have stopped responding. 
```
We don't need to add "that is used to" passive voice addition but not sure it's adding anything to understanding?

To work around the issue:

1. In the Unreal Editor, navigate to **Edit** > **Project Settings** > **Runtime Settings**.
1. Update the value of **Heartbeat Timeout** from the default 10 seconds to a much larger value that you’re unlikely to reach while debugging, such as 10000.

> 1. **Navigate to Edit** > **Project Settings** > **Editor Settings**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to **Edit** > **Project Settings** > **Editor Settings**.
```

Should "10" and "1000" be in backticks as the user edits them (for consistency with below)?

1. Make sure the **Legacy Flags** section (within the **Launch** section) includes an entry to set [`bridge_qos_max_timeout`](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/latest/shared/project-layout/launch-config#legacy-flags) ) to `0`. 

    Once you’ve finished debugging your game and want to deploy it locally or in the cloud, make sure you set these values back to their defaults so that failing worker instances are correctly disconnected from the SpatialOS Runtime.

<br/>------------<br/>

> _2019-06-10 Page updated with limited editorial review_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_2019-06-10 Page updated with limited editorial review: added Visual Studio setup guidance, local debugging guidance_
```
